Music
Makes some noise!
So happy to see you, Burbank!
Armadon is proud of his possession
With a very special guest tonight
We have a special guest tonight
Sitting in for a spinster crimson
It's Steve Levy!
Music
We miss you so much, Jeff Davis!
Nobody's more than me
I'll be sitting here, my name is Brandon Johnson
Let's bring up the mayor of Harmontown
Mr. Dan Harmon!
Applause
Thank you, thank you very much
I don't have any notes, I don't have any
There's no show, there's no show tonight
It's a beautiful summer night
Thank you for coming out to Burbank
If you were here last week
We started, we're zeroing in on the 8 o'clock start time
This time I believe it was our fault
I think we walked up at 8 o'clock
So I don't think we could have started the show sooner
We're batting down the hatches
If that's what you do on a ship
When you're making it a better ship
I think that's not what you do
I think that's what you do when a short ship storm is coming
Welcome Steve
Thank you
Big shoes to fill
Just keep judging me
Sorry Spencer's not here
I'll tell you some things about Spencer since he's not here
He's usually...
He's a Libertarian
He voted for...
That misfired
So it's 30% of my viewership
Listenership
I was going to say he's a Republican
But I thought it was too archa-joke
So I tried to make something funnier
If somebody says how old is that
And you could go like 85
It's funnier to say 27
Unless he's 85
Spencer's 85
And a Republican
A Nazi Republican
Not even a log cabin supportive of gay people
Because it makes fiscal sense Republican
Like a fucking hardcore master race Republican
And he hates the fans
He hates them
He isn't grateful for them
He considers them a pox
And he doesn't...
He likes dungeons a little bit
Hates dragons
Never uses dice
And we got...
I moved into this new space because people kept saying
They were coming from out of town
I want to see Spencer
So I lifted him up and put him over there
Put a mannequin behind him
And now he can't show up
Because you know why? You know where he is?
He's whale hunting
He's out hunting whales
For sport
Not even for oil
He's hunting whales for sport
Do you know where he gets his...
The oil for his whale harpoon gun
Which uses twice as much oil
As a whale generates?
Zebra
He uses zebra oil to hunt whales
For sport
Did you tell him about the puppy dress he made?
He didn't even wear it
With his ivory sewing machine?
Conflict ivory?
Not regular free range
The elephant knows it's been raised
To give ivory ivory
Like actual fucking like
There's a Gaza strip of the ivory poachers
And I know this is challenging for you
But there's two kinds of poachers
And one is technically relatively other kind
The good kind of poacher
And Spencer is not on their side
He exploits them
The poacher you'd feel sorry for
If you were sealed in a room with only poachers
And had only known them
That's the poacher that he exploits
Alright, well so be thankful
He's not here is my point
It's just little old me
With his lack of a show
Oh boy, let's go to Burbank
And pay, what is it $5 now?
Man, I snuck in
$75?
Oh, they're creeping it up
So I thought $5 was like
Look, it'll be half price
Like half what they paid at Meltdown
And then we can be twice as bad
And you'll break even
How much was that drink?
Okay, we'll see
It was an optional dollar
Yeah, it cost you a dollar
There was a jar that made you feel guilty
The cost of being a human
Is a dollar
The drink was free
Otherwise we're under arrest
It's the Marmot Town, speak easy
But thank you, thank you
You're welcome here, sir
You're not mic'd, but you're welcome here
Alright, well, yeah, I've spent
See, I've been doing this thing
I ran in last minute because
But this is really valuable for me
I started making these little
Garage band songs and music videos
And putting them on Instagram
And it's been very therapeutic for me
Because it's not something I'm supposed to be good at
I'm not a musician
Nope
Wrong, I am, it turns out
No, no, no, I'm just making these goofy little songs
I'm using only the free software
And only using my phone
And my little earbud microphone
And anything that exceeds that
Because I want it to be a hobby, not a profession
So I'm not supposed to be good at it
So it was very relaxing to me
I was having a really good time
And it was churning out these amazing little hits
We cannot wait
These little loopable...
He's quite a wordsmith
Oh, shit
Okay, here we go
World premiere
It's still my other hobby
Which is getting this show to the point
Where I can just play shit
I'm falling behind in that hobby
I can't, it'll take ten minutes of dead air
But yeah, if you follow me on Instagram
I just make these little ditties about taking poops
And being hungover and stuff
And so I was having a good time
It would take about two hours to make the song
And then run around and shoot stuff
Like knee-pooping and stuff
And then I'd put it together in Loomah Fusion
The IOS is a premier non-linear editor
We lost Brandon, we lost him
It's not a good show
No, you can go do it
You were gonna make a drink
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to
No, we're fine
We're fine
Okay
What?
He was helping
Oh, oh, you're picking the thing up
I want to hear the story
Well, don't pick up
Bad optics
All right, so the...
I'm really relaxed, I'm happy
Then Cody gets sick
She's got like a throat thing or something
Some kind of throat thing
And it's like she's quarantined
So we can't see each other
So I'm like, I'm gonna make...
Thank you, Chris
He got the phone to work
Steve Levy is plugging in the phone for you
Oh, you plugged it, you plugged in my phone
Or you plugged in...
It's my phone, you're on Instagram
Okay
You're a public figure, that's how it works
All right
That makes sense
He got the Spencer shit down
I've been watching a lot of Star Trek too
And it really makes me miss Spencer
Because the relationship between Kirk and Spock
Is not to endow myself as Kirk
But the dynamic between them
Makes me miss Spencer a lot
But that show is straight up racist
But before you could even be regular racist
I get a millennial sense
It was like, not only...
Forget about...
We'll talk about Nichelle Nichols in a second
And the treatment of her character
And all the women
But forget about that
We know that the 60s were an unenlightened time
And that we are now living in a camelot
Of progression
Historians will look back on 2017
And say they really understood
They really got it
There's gonna be a hot dog on our dollar next week
We might as well just do whatever we want
No one's ever gonna see from history
Which is what you were supposed to be doing
Through the canopy of fucking Trump
You might as well just do whatever you want down here
Women, I don't like them
You guys only heard that
The aliens will never hear it
They'll be watching him touch a ball with a wizard
They're like, these people were fascinated with this man
Who was so strange and wonderful, I guess
Because we don't know anything
Our DNA only has three letters
And all of them are genius
And so we have no life
We sleep for a million years just to make bread
Because it comes all the way around
They're genetically washed out
We conduct people and replenish our DNA with ape man
And cow anus
I love this recipe already
Part ape man, part cow anus
Try it, blimp flock
I'm feeling a little feisty
Like you could make a coffee table book
No, don't be ridiculous
I am part of the me mards
Then keep trying and I'll be back with more cow anus
But we already tried that
Shut up
Oh, Star Trek
Yeah, well whatever, man
But I'm saying that show didn't even know
That non-white people belong on TV yet
And it was still racist
Because they made up a race called Vulcans
And all they did was bust his balls the whole show
Because he only had one thing about him
And he was just like, look, I have one gimmick
It's kind of easy to understand
It's sort of my religion
I have a funny haircut, pointy ears
And it's associated with the fact that I only deal in logic
I don't deal in emotion
And then they're like, okay, got it
So we understand that
So at the end of every episode
They'd be like, of course, that was kind of feelings, wasn't it, Spock?
And he's like, it's like, why...
He's just like, everything in his face is like
Like, why do you do this?
Why do you...
Like, when is this gonna get funny?
I can't hear the fucking impish music
I can only yes and you logically
I know that's gonna make you even funnier
Like, what if I...
What if Spock was just like, you're right, come on, guys
Leave me alone!
And then they'd be like, ew
And then you'd hear that like flute, that comedic Star Trek flute
But then they'd stop respecting him, right?
Because he'd stop saving their life all the time
And he wouldn't be able to throw them through walls
But he... I don't know
That's how we treated exchange students
Did you have exchange students in your high school?
Like, there was some kid from a...
They'd go like, this is Andre
And he's from...
Germany
I mean, Germany is the easiest to pick on
Like, the German ones were the hardcore
Because the jeans would be too short and too tight
And there'd be like one ball hanging out awkwardly
There was a guy from Barcelona that came to our high school
I didn't want to say that because I don't want you to think I went to some rich people's high school
And I don't know, it feels like exchange students
Like, they come from like warmer climates, maybe you're richer or something
Like, I went to a shitty high school
Like, I don't know why anyone from Barcelona would come to Milwaukee
But God damn, they must have been so fucking bummed out
And then to be in our little 600-kid high school
And this brown deer with Scott said
And the kids were just like, so fascinated for the first two weeks
They're like, hey, say this
Say, say, meh-ball
Whatever our thing, you know, whatever our shwiftie
I tried to change it from shwiftie last minute in the tip work
I tried to say, just say, goy already
You know, like in your high school, you got your little things
You go like, Nordflork, and that means pussy
But it also means like, the principal's fat or whatever
You got your codes
And then so the kid, you say, Nordfe, say, hey, Andre, say Nordflork
And he's like, what does this mean, it's Nordflork
He said, just now, that's already funny
What does this mean, it's Nordflork?
He asked what Nordflork is
That's not actually funny, it doesn't, when you grow up and start practicing comedy
You find out that doesn't qualify as a joke
To confuse someone and for them to seek clarification
It's not funny, it wouldn't work if you saw it on SNL
They wouldn't, you know, I'm not saying that's a gold standard
But they wouldn't say this sketch is ready to go
Yeah, third grade style, like fifth grade jokes
But then they finally go Nordflork
And then, whoa, the roof comes off the school
And Andre said, Nordflork, and then he says it again
Like, because either he's gonna play ball
He's like, that was a real Nordflork
And then you're like, ugh
And then that's how we consume people, that's what we do
We're just a big, that's what society is
We're individually, we're wonderful people
We're better than the drafts, that doesn't sound like a broken record
But the chimpanzee is a beautiful beast
And we are basically chimps
The thing that we created by becoming the perfect chimp
Which is society, a byproduct
I would say a wasteful byproduct at this point
We're all choking on it
Society is like carbon monoxide from a car
Like it's exhaust, society has been created around us
Or let's say, excess society
Society you probably wouldn't complain about
If you were running through the apocalypto forest
And there were people behind you going like, you know
You don't have a society, so we're gonna kill you
And then your society came the other direction
And through the jungle it'd be like, thank god for society
But that's just gang shit in a jungle
Then you start like making things to grind your food
Instead of it and blah blah blah
And then you cut to, you know, the stuff that we're in right now
Where you're like looking at Twitter and you're getting mad
Because there's a guy with a shirt that says Buc-O-Fama
And you're like, you can't swear?
You don't know how to swear?
What are you, what are you, posh?
You don't want to, you don't want to sully
Your fucking forebrain with a profanity?
It's a free country, say Buc-O-Fama
You fucking hillbilly nerd
I wouldn't want to use the F word
But let's just say that person's not human
Where was I, I don't know how to say I
I'm, man, I'm stuck on that superior champ thing
Oh, well yeah, well that was amazing
But then we're done together, we're this biomass
And what we do is, starting on the playground
We see individuals and we start practicing coalescing
We go like, oh, what kind of shoes do you have?
I don't know, what kind of shoes do you have?
Same shoes, same shoes, well that's good
Your shoes are two the same, well my shoes will be a little bit different
Okay, well that person's a different shoes
They're a little cool, they're a little cool
And you're forming this little blob
And then there's the kids, all of whom became my listeners
Who are in, or like further away from the blob
There's never going to be any coalescence
It's going to be, it's like way over here
So the blob goes like, whoa!
Scoot, scoot, scoot, scoot, scoot, scoot
Just visiting, not coming over here
What's with your shoes
And you go like, I fail to see the logic
And why you're asking the shoes
Energy!
And there was no exchange about shoes and all
Your soul was just sucked away
And the blob goes, scoot, scoot, scoot, scoot goes away
Or the suckers go, oh come on guys
I'll try a little harder next time
And kind of follow the blob along
But they'll never be a part of, and like
Those are the people like in Blade
That have the tattoo on the back of their neck
The thralls, the glyph slaves, the familiars
The renfords that will then run out into the night
Or the daytime for Dracula and go do whatever
Renf, renf, renf, what the hell was that guys?
Renfield, Renfield, that was close
Oh shit, we have a guest, he's standing over there
Okay, what do you want?
Did you schedule anything for me tomorrow?
Yeah
It's Memorial Day
Okay, but I didn't know that when
Yeah, you didn't remember
I was asked to schedule that day
Who asked you to schedule something?
Smalls
Okay, that's writing work
No, not Leonard Smalls, who's Leonard Smalls?
I could work with Leonard Smalls if I wanted
Whoever that is
So you want me to cancel?
No, because we're way behind on that
Well, maybe, look
We should do this right now you guys
You have a fun dinner tomorrow night
We should do this right now
Yeah
Because there's no, you know, there's not a guest over there
Fred, I'll bring you up in a second
I just got a few calendar items to serve
I want to clear my day tomorrow
Respect for one person's time on stage, it's mine
I'm a real wizard about it
Let's welcome my good old friend Fred Stoller
I'm already all sweating so I don't want to hug you
I forgot the water, this is pressure
Well, they told me just have fun
Yeah
So I'm glad when they remind me to do that
Because sometimes they don't
Yeah
And you come up here and you cry
You seem like a guy, I've known you a while
And you're always a guy that knows how to just have fun
And go crazy
Something tells you like, don't try too hard
Like you know how to do that
Well, you were talking about the pressure
Because they didn't pay a lot
And when I used to headline and stand up
Which is very brief
I used to feel sorry for the people waiting online to see me
Headline and comedy
Yeah, yeah, yeah
That's not confidence
I mean, yeah
Yeah, you got to really think you're entitled and you're great
So hopefully you could pull up the slack of this
I'm not getting into this
Yeah, I'll be here, I'll be here all night
I always, I felt bad
But when you were doing stand up, are you still doing stand up?
Do you still actively?
No, no, no
I did it a long time ago
And first of all, the confidence
When I saw the people lining up to see your show
And I walked by them
And they had no idea who I was
And I'm the whole show
And he's whispering
I look familiar is what I got
Sometimes I get a, maybe he said a
But if I'm lucky
People, they come up to me to go
Where do I know you from?
Right
And I list my credits
And if it's a single mom
Then I do that kid's animation
Right
Trying to hit on them like a pedophile
You know, hi, I'm Rusty from Handi Mani
Is your daddy not around?
Hey, I'm a monkey wrench at talks
Just ignoring the kid
And trying to talk to the mother
Are you a bachelor right now
And tell me, by the way, I don't know
If I'm ever prying or anything
You don't have to talk about stuff
I don't know why
Yeah, I'm like Greg Proops
I only rift about pop culture
Nothing personal
No, I just...
Does anyone know me?
No, I...
I need something
I think that when people see your face
This is the lucky kind of fame I would say
I would wager there's plenty of people
That wouldn't maybe see your face
And go, oh, that's who that guy is
But then when they say
Where do I know you from?
It doesn't matter what credit you choose
Because as soon as you start talking
They go, oh, Fred Stoller
Not into that
Usually they recognize me
And they go, I don't mean to bother you
And I'm so glad someone broke up the isolation
That now I'm bothering them
Right, right
I go, hey, where are you going?
I've been to the grove before
And I'm following them
And I'm so lonely
The frustrating thing is
I did one sign, fell just a few raiments
And people think I'm rich
Like they point to the Hollywood Hills
He must live up there
Specifically, show them the exact little apartment
There's a new thing called celebrity net worth
Have you looked up yourself on this?
No, no
It has, you know, with him
And it's, you know, probably, you know, 18 million
You know, all that stuff
And I'm on it
And it's very wrong
It's 1.5 million
And, you know, so I've had dates
That one woman goes, this can't be right
Yeah, you have to have more than that
So people now look up my credits
They see a lot of stuff
That would be nerve-wracking
Because somebody was in a Twitter spat with me
And there must, my income or something
Must have come up, whether I'm fancy or rich
Or because it must have been
So then somebody posted as if, like, spiking a football
This link
I was like, what is this going to be a link to?
Is this how you get, like, Doxt or whatever you got?
And I clicked on it
And it was this thing, like, yeah
Like, what are they, worth.org or something like that?
It says, Dan Harmon, worth 5 million dollars
I was like, wow
Yeah, yeah
Money you don't know about
And then I went through it
I said, I guess maybe if I, like, sold everything
I guess worth is, like, yeah, it's not liquid
It doesn't say how liquid are they
Like, maybe if I sold everything
And borrowed money, no
Like, what Rick and Morty will be worth
And syndication, they're putting all their money
Oh, well, yeah, well, jeez
I mean, if you're allowed to start counting that
Then I'm Enron, right?
Like, I get to just go
Because if you get to start counting that
Then it's like, well, because I'll never see that money
However, I do have a stake in it
So it's like, sometime when I'm 70 years old
In theory, a check for, like, hot topic Rick slippers
Will come in or something
And I'll be like
Like, it'll be at the right medical technology
Or they'll be able to just feed those checks into the machine
That keeps my heart beating
Ten more beats
And I'll be like, Mr. Harbin, you're doing great
You're 70 years old
Most of your average person lives to 35 today
Can you hear the gunshots outside?
Can you smell the sulfur?
I love how savvy...
More money, more rick and money
More rick and money
He calls it rick and money now
I love how savvy people are now
I mean, you are savvy because, you know,
Show business from following him
But it was at this thing, hey
You get good results, you get checks
You know, they hear what Larry David, hey
They'll see a sign felt that was on
Hey, checks are coming to you, how much?
Yeah
That's my impression of a moron
Really
But answering your question, I used to just stand up
And I fell into it during the 80s comedy boom
Which no one...
You were alive or...
That's how a lot of their parents conceived them
Both of their parents had an open mind
During the 80s stand-up boom
And here they are
And I was very shy and depressed, believe it or not
And now people have different ways to make it
You go on YouTube, you see this and that
But I only knew, like, stand-up someone
I thought to make it as an actor
Your parents have to put you in the Brady Bunch
Only children, and I was another reason to hate my parents
For not putting Fred in a TV show
Like, you fuck
Like, they knew they were supposed to do that
So then I went to...
I guess that makes sense if you're a kid
And you're thinking about the people on TV
You're like, how else would they...
Yeah, you don't know, like I said
Now there's every, you know, e-harm
You know, these links, like this is how you make it
Like, I probably wouldn't have been a stand-up
If I tried now, I don't know what I would have done
But you're just savvy with everything
You'd have been on an improv team
Yeah, I would have been so good as you could see
Yeah, I think that's because the internet hasn't changed
Anything about the industry in the important ways
Like the idea that...
I mean, that's a ridiculous generalization
The internet has changed some things about the entertainment industry
But the biggest change is basically
The size of the waiting room for auditions
Like, that's how I put it
Like, especially for actors
Nothing's changed for actors
Like, oh, how do I get my start as an actor?
Well, you know, you want to say like
Oh, just get on YouTube and put on a fresh face
And just like...
They've been doing that for 15 years
And all it does is they might as well be doing that
I mean, they can make a million dollars doing that
And never get into Hollywood
Then Google will say, sorry, fartsmart's been shut down now
No more fartsmart, I grew up on it
Well, yeah, it's like people think, Fred
Isn't there so many more opportunities now?
Well, no, there's just more bullshit, you know
When I came to Hollywood, there weren't so many things
But they were like real things
Like a pot on Murphy Brown
You know what I mean?
Or like, amen or something
It was like a big deal when I moved to LA
In the mid-90s, late-90s, it was like
A person would get a spot on a sitcom
Like, they'd be like, the pizza guy that hits on Dharma
But it turns out to be Griggs, a clone
No, not clone, why would clone?
I can't even pitch a fucking idea
I can't get through one idea
I fucked it up at the end
He says, clone, use the same actor, you dipshit
You already own that guy
I've done so many delivery guys
Yeah, so...
I've lost it, I've lost it
There's so many more quote-unquote opportunities
But it's so saturated
But we would have parties
We would have everybody
Everybody would show up at that person's apartment
You'd have chips and nachos
Chips and nachos
Fucking, I'm gonna kill myself
I'm gonna fucking kill myself on this stage
Next week
And I'm not saying that for clicks
Are you...
Maybe you'll kill and murder yourself
You'd have cheese puffs and little doodles
Because, hey, so-and-so, they're gonna be...
What, one time it was...
On wings, like a guy going, come on through
So the guy would come through and be your friend
And he'd go, someone ordered pizza
And he'd go, like, ah-ha
And then the commercial would start
And you'd turn up the music
And you'd just be like, you know...
When I would do guest spots, my friends would say
Where were you on it?
Meeting at the beginning, the middle...
So how much of that shit do I have to see?
It's like a chore to them, you know?
Because they're flicking back, what's that?
Don't ask him what's that
What's in there?
I know, there's a gimmick
With the people yelling stuff out that I've encouraged somehow
That's alright, I'm not gonna be a pussy
You don't have to be gentle for me
Usually, if somebody starts yelling something out
Because they're so concerned about something
I find that about 75% of the time it becomes fruitful
I'm like, what is this person, you've lost your mind
We're talking about ninjas or dolphins or something
And then they'll keep talking and go
Do you want to just come up here so that you step
Routing the show and talking to the microphone
And then they come up and then, you know
Several of them become parts of the show
And so it's a fun, nice part of the show
It's like a town meeting
But then I have guests on
And then somebody goes like, hold the butter
And then I can see your nervous system go
That means I'm failing
Because it does, if you're at a stand-up club
Like, Kumail, you know Kumail Nanjiani?
Yeah, of course
He's like the brightest, smartest, sharpest dude
But he has a stand-up DNA
So when people talk in the audience
I can see his iron giant...
Like...
It's just like, oh no, what?
What were you saying?
Oh, so you're saying you're a fucking idiot
Okay
And then he just continues
And I'm like, okay
Well, when you trained in stand-up
Like I said, the comedy boom in the 80s
Then when I started getting some guest spots
We think we're bombing
Because I come in, Murphy Brown
Hey, I'm the delivery guy
Oh, I suck, you know what I mean?
Because it's da-da-da, da-da-da
But then you go into the writer's room
Haven't you worked in writer's rooms and stuff?
Not too many
The only thing, I was on Seinfeld as a writer
And there was no writer's room
Did you know how Seinfeld worked?
Not really
There's...
I was brought in in the 94-95 season
Again, before you're born
And what happened was
I knew Larry David from the New York stand-up days
And he would kind of taunt me
Which...
Sound like an Indian now
You're like a pathetic loser
You're like a piece of shit
You make everyone feel uncomfortable
Because you're like a handicap guy walking around
And they want to look at you
Your head's down
When was it last time someone like you got laid?
And...
That's really what he said to me
I was at my friend's surprise birthday party
And this became a curved episode
He came late
I want to scream surprise like a fucking idiot, you know?
Alright, I'm in here now
Hey, not Shrodney
He's just Rob Schrab, but 9 octaves lower
Yeah, so he was...
Everyone in 94 was writing a spec script
You know, for Seinfeld
And he was like, you never wrote a spec script
And...
I'm an idiot
Because again, people are savvy
I thought when you wrote on a sitcom
You make the salary
I didn't know that sitcom writing became
5 jobs ahead
Like, the idea is not to
Hey, I'm going to write on Seinfeld
And make whatever the 2000 a week would be
Sorry, we're at home right now
Why was that funny? 2000 a week
Alright, I'm getting them a little bit
Dan has to get a kettle bottle
And the ice is completely attached
I'm thinking, alright
Yeah, don't steal focus
Fred's telling a story
Fred doesn't want to like...
And then I've lifted it
It's like a fucking Marx Brothers bit
It's everything you want
Dan, what I mean is now people know about...
There's nothing more primordial than this
The ice to get broken off
And what I mean is now people who...
I forgot why I was playing...
You want the liquid out of the bottle
I don't mean to bash Harvard
Because you know, it's cliche
And I'm sure you went there and the community writers
But they know...
I went to dirt
Alright
Don't you know that's my issue? You don't
Because we're both narcissists
So you don't know, I have class issues
That's why I couldn't function in writer's rooms
Because everybody was from Stanford and Harvard and Yale
Every time we got into a fight about coffee
I'd be like, you know...
Enough of your Ivy League bullshit!
Well, when I was temporarily on Seinfeld
Which I'm plugging, I had a Kindle single
Called my Seinfeld year
Did anyone hear this?
Well, it made him laugh in one person
Alright
We will be handing out copies at the end of the show
Well, the actual thing is
I'm happy to see you, but only disappointed
Because thinking I was going to plug
I have a new one and I sent Jeff Davis
The PDF of it to save $1.99
What it cost
Thinking he'll be like, hey, it's great
Wait, I want to make sure I understand this
You sent Jeff Davis a PDF of my new book
Of your new book, okay
Thinking, you know, go hey
I don't want him to spend $1.99
These things called Kindle singles
They're legit
I know at $1.99 people make fun of them
And yeah, dudes send it to me
And so, could you pretend it's really good
For five minutes to kill and you're Jeff
That book, it changed my life
I've read a lot of authors
And this book, your book, the book
Alright
Well, I'm positive that it's in any way
I talked to Lee Daniels about
Making your book into
At least a four part movie series
What about Leonard Smalls?
And Biggie Smalls
Biggie Smalls as well
But when I was on Seinfeld
One of the Harvard guys goes
To my life, which was just fucked up
You know, he goes
Nothing bad ever happened to me
I have to make things up
And I wanted to punch him like
Now something bad happened
These guys were never unemployed
A millisecond in their life
But they learned how to do the Larry formula
Of just doing things
So basically, there's no room
You know what a writer's room is, right?
Okay
They can put it together
Julie
So basically
You have to come up with a Jerry Kramer
Or Lane, and who's the fourth one?
George
George, I by accident did
50 milligrams of an edible the other night
I'm an idiot
Yes, and it's still in me
So you have to pitch
There's no room
No one's trying to come up with stories together
My analogy, it's like a homicide division
We're all trying to sell murders, but our own murders
And fuck you
I'm doing the O'Daniel's murder
We shut our door, we don't help you
So I'm walking around
And there's a guy I have a restraining order
From, I'm not making this up
From my book
My Seinfeld Year, check it out
I talked about some people
And I got sued
And I have a restraining order against someone
I didn't mention his name, a writer
And I called him a pseudonym
And he would, he lately, when my book came out
He would pound on my door
Fuck you, you ruined my life
You know, because
I haven't worked in ten years
Because of your book that's been out three years
And
You should read my book looking for someone to blame
Yes, yes
So, so he would like
Bang on my door, leave notes
And he had this fixation, we would go and Dr. Drew
And, and he'd leave notes
We're gonna tell the world what a piece of shit you are
And Dr. Drew, that was his manifesto
Wait, I'm sorry, backup
Because I don't understand that, you said
He had, you were on
No, no, no
He thinks that I know Dr. Drew so well
Oh
That we were gonna go on his podcast
And I would confess
What a piece of shit liar I am
That is some bullshit
He was like, oh, I got this deal
You should get us on some Dr. Drew so I can get some money
And it gets this episode
We'll give residuals
And I ended to be my mentor
So I was on my own and he goes, bro
It's like, nah, I'm here, but, but I'll show you
The ways, and I was, I made
Myself look like an asshole for listening
To this guy, so I was the one who put
Myself down in the book that I'm such a schmuck
I don't believe that you would put yourself down
In your book, I feel like it must be
Another one of these, I'm such a big shot
Yes, and I don't get the narcissist
But in a different way, I get it
Oh, yeah, you know what I mean
You know what I mean
I just felt about Howard Stern
And one way he goes, yeah, I'm cool
Then he puts himself down
Didn't you see that dichotomy in Howard Stern?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean, to me
I relate to that, but you're a
Purebred something, like I don't know
Like you're amazing, and that's why you're
I mean, I'm jealous of you, because you
Your voice, like
So much of this guy's walking out
He's getting that, he's just
Taking a poop piece of time
But no, when you would get up
On stage at the
When I was
I was living in Milwaukee, I hadn't moved to L.A. yet
And you were the
One of the, like, 5, 6, 5
There used to be a thing, like there was so many
Comedy segments, so many of these
Cable, Evening at the Improv
Pulpervenza
Mario Joiner, that you could make
A marginal living doing the same set
Every, you know, on all these
The A-list, we called it a list
Because everyone was on it
But you would come out, I mean
We were coming out of an age where
Someone would come up with a hammer on their head
And say, hey, I'm hammerhead, and people would laugh
And then that person would be kind of fucked for 10 years
But you weren't one of those
But the funny thing is that
You were so on point, you were so true to
Your own voice, that I bet a lot of
People think you're doing a character
Because you would come up on stage
And the audience would stop clapping
And then you would say something like
Yeah, I'm kind of, I guess you're probably
Thinking, I'm like
Oh, hey, look at the cool guy
Or just, or like
That's why I quit stand-up, because of stuff like that
And reactions
Yeah, exactly, that's why I never, but you know
I'm a bit of a thrill seeker or whatever
You had your bits about it
I drank milk that expired yesterday
And these all these jokes
But when you would say, I'm a thrill seeker
The audience would unanimously laugh
And that's the thing, that seems to be
Part of your voice is that you're like
Like, why is that funny?
Well, because
They looked at you and you said
Something that they were thinking, remember
Louis Anderson's bit when he would say
He would open with fat jokes and then he
After he did like three minutes of fat jokes
He'd take a pause and then he'd say
I always have to open with the fat jokes
Because if I didn't, someone in the audience
Would be sitting there saying, do you think he knows?
And
And that is like
A thing of like, it's about essence
It's like what Sam Christensen is
This class that I took in
Right here in Burbank? You told me
And you said you'd guarantee I'd get laid
If I took it and you were going to pay
Did you take it? No, because
You didn't pay like you said you would
You guaranteed I'd get laid
Didn't I say, well I'll pay for it
Maybe he was going to pay for the lay
Yes
He's looking up Sam Christensen
And yes, know who
You know, the thing is
Like a lot of comedians were insecure
But I never learned overcompensation
Like these scrappy guys
Hey, I'm Greg Fitzsimmons
Or whoever, I'm scrappy, hey
Shots fired
Mad comic beats right now
I feel embarrassed
Yeah, like saying hey
I'm great and all that stuff
So like I said, I got into stand up
Because it seemed to way, my idol was like
Jimmy Walker
I never saw a guy like him skinny, black, funny looking
I go, hey, don't keep looking at me man
I know, if I don't
If I don't, it's racist
You know when you're on purpose
It's not Dino Mike
But
He looked away on funny looking
But I had to get it because he was
You know, he's trying
It's like, I
Can't pitch shows, a few times you do
You ever try to engage like the third person
The show you're not just talking about
A really important person, so in this show
And then, hi third person
We're not ignoring, there'll be
Three different arc breaks
And you're the really important person
And I'm talking about
Is that fourth one
I went
To a show where it was
Right when the stand up thing
Gave way to storytelling, so now I was
Allowed on stage with you guys
And like a Beth Lapita's show
Or something like that in LA
And one thing I did was
Because I'm such a master storyteller
That just stuck out my head
What the fuck did that sound like
Now I'm in
I was waiting for my opening in this world
It was because of a TV credit
I'll be frank, but then you're allowed
To co-opt to these cabaret shows
And you have a drink and you say
My dad hit me and they're like, that's great
Here's a drink
I did one of those
And it was like me, Marc Maron
And maybe like Scott Thompson
And it was like
We almost outnumbered the audience
And it was like right on that bubble
Where it's like they must have talked
About canceling the show, there's like six people
Sitting there and then three
And then the other two performers
And I remember distinctly
It was such a weird thing that Marc Maron
While he was on stage, he coped
With the
Weird sensation of performing
To only that many people
For the first time that night
But he just kept on
Maybe my laugh was louder or something
But he basically kind of did his whole act to me
But it really filled me with confidence
I think I killed with the six people
Afterwards, but
I probably went on before him
And so he was just like, you know what I mean
You know what I mean
Yeah, you need the feedback
When you're talking about comedians
How they, you know, like
A man of the cool
Memes, the guy, you know, Silicon Valley
Dinesh, but, um...
Camille. Oh yeah. Kumail Nanjiani.
Yes, well how, I did some guest spots
Bob Saget had a show called Raising Dad
Which sounds funny
And it was the two kids
Grew up, Harrison Briel
And Kat Jennings
So Saget and Kenner
They were just working
Paramount had these tours going through
And they'd be doing a rehearsal
And hey, hey, and you know
You have comedians and you're doing a scene
But they'd work the other people for laughs
So comedians have that mindset
But what you just said about
Storytelling
I'm bringing back to the Seinfeld writing
So this guy would always say
I'll tell you when to pitch laughs
Because you have to approach his door
And knock and come in and pitch a Jerry Kramer
Laying a George story and you can't do anything
Till they're approved and I'd be approaching
He goes, not a good time, bro
Not a good time and I was so insecure
Everything out on him
And he kind of ended up sabotaging me
And so sometimes
One thing I learned from
Writing and so there was no room
You're totally on your own
The one lesson I learned from writers
And I'm sure you could attest to this
Is when you try things out
On friends, people, smart people
Only try it out on the guy that could say yes or no
You know what I'm saying
Because I tried out things on this day
He said, no, no, no, I'm concerned
That's not good. Then someone else ended up doing it
Not because they stole it
But because they tried it out
On Larry David and I asked these middlemen
Well, yeah
I want to interject because
And not because there's anything to defend
Or correct, but because
I find this fascinating
That every show is different
And I'm surprised
To hear that, but like
A lot of shows do have just the rooms
Where the people sit pow wow
And then there's like one
Community worked like that
Because that's how I understood it to work
Or rather maybe that's what Neil and Garrett
Who worked on Scrubs and were helping me
Like run my first show
That's the way most like 97% work
So you come into work and you sit
And then you've got a bunch of
It's like a police station where it's like
You got your
What's been going on since yesterday
So how is it going in that room
In that room and then people kind of go off
Back to there, so there's always like one person
Who's working on a draft or an outline
There's like a couple people working
Hopefully if you're really healthy
That they're a joke room and they're punching stuff up
And then there's a story breaking room
No, I had no idea what other episodes
Were in the pipeline
What was going on, you totally
So you couldn't do anything
One time I made a mistake
I tried out this idea
Cramer does a one man show called
One Time My Uncle Hit Me
Like those confessional things
So I said that's good, that's good
So I'm writing it up and then I bring Larry
And I'm like what the fuck is that
You don't fucking put things on the board until I see it
But Lapis said it was good
What the fuck you idiot
So you can't
Is it possible
Larry David
That there's something missing from your translation
Of him, like maybe he's smiling while he's saying something
Well
He seems to be a joyful guy
I know he's grumpy
One time this happened
Like a bad guy from Revenge of the Nerds
Like
He just wanted to hurt you
One time this happened to me
The editing room was next to my room
So you can't do anything until
The stories are connected
So I would like, one time I stood outside
The room trying to pitch
I waited an hour and these two aggressive guys
From Harvard went right in
And then they pitched
And I was so exhausted from waiting
I went in my room and snapped for an hour
So I would go play pinball
You know walk around
And one time he passes
So he wasn't the worst guy
Because he said something nice for a moment
He goes I see you
You're not part of the clique
I see that
He goes Jesus
That's the nicest thing
Wait till the story goes
He goes you know when I was on Saturday Night Live
Alright I don't have to
It's like doing the Norm MacDonald way
Don't get me started
You can't do a story with that
You got the three sneakers
You fucker
I think you should keep doing your Larry David
Alright so he goes
When I was a writer at Saturday Night Live
My office was right by the elevator
And all the writers would walk by for lunch
And not include me
I see you're not part of the clique
He goes so you gotta get aggressive
You gotta find me on the floor
You look
And you throw things at me
Just throw things at me
And I went alright
So they go hey Larry
I had this idea
There was a guy in that season
Mr. Pitt
I don't know if you remember who he was
And I said what if he gets into it
With Jerry Stiller's character
He goes that's a fucking stupid idea
Alright I did tell you to try things out
It's fucking stupid Freddy
I did tell you
But not that shit
Why did he hire you?
There's something missing from this story
I do think it
You know Schrab and you know our friend
Abed
So you're saying I'm like Abed
No the dynamic
You've seen Schrab abuse Abed
But he doesn't hate him
My theory is that he sees in me
What he doesn't like about himself
Because when he was on Saturday Night Live
He didn't like any of those
The equivalent of Harvard writers
But then when it's this thing
I started and stand up with him
And Gilbert Gottfried he goes
Me, you and Gilbert were the three biggest fucking losers
He goes Freddy you're only chance of getting a woman
Is if you're blind
Because you're doomed you're a Jew from Brooklyn
We went to the same high school
I don't know you saw something
So basically how I got the job
Was Steve Scroban and if you know who he is
And it doesn't help in the story
He was the one who had the surprise birthday party
So in 94-95
Before they got this influx
Of the Ivy League guys
He would like hire
Stand ups from his New York days
And they would
And so it's almost like the beginning of Platoon
Where
They go you're going to like the Nam
Because I had friends of mine
That were just
They would do the same thing
But they had camaraderie
Four New York stand ups came in
And they were totally on their own
And you weren't sure if you were supposed to start up a story
So he kind of got a kick at it
He goes you know a lot of shitty things happen to you
Maybe you could use the shitty things from your life
For the Seidfeld episodes
So he goes
How come you never wrote a spec script
He goes write one nothing will happen
But I will read it
And I wasn't gonna
Cause that wasn't the route I wasn't smart
Like I said people now they know
What I mean they're five jobs ahead
Is I thought you know you make a salary
Now all the guys at lunch
Were executives from Castle Rock
On their next three deals
You know what I'm saying I wasn't savvy
I wasn't even savvy I could get laid as a writer
I was oh man
I didn't have time
That makes me feel I feel bad
I don't want to feel bad for you
Cause I don't want my pity to sprinkle on you
Throw a pity receptor
No no I'll tell you it's all a happy ending
Because no that was in my route
I know comics they watched
The raw Petrie
Dick Van Dyke and they wanted to be around a table
I just wanted to be a character actor
You know what I mean
I didn't know about houses
And you write on sitcoms
You're appealed to me like you know
You see the run throughs
They're like cows moving on to Jerry's apartment
And you see them on the Ratford lot
They look like cows you know what I mean
They just you know the writers
I was always jealous of those people too
I mean I don't want to interrupt your story
No so basically what happened was
I wasn't going to write a spec script
But in 1994 there would be people
Dying to have Larry David
Read this Seinfeld spec script
You know so I said
Just write one just in case
Like the next Dan Harmon goes
Hey Fred do you have a spec script
I'd have one ready
Or that Dan Harmon
Just to have it ready
And again I'm an old man
Going back then they didn't have the internet
And I had to really look
For a Seinfeld script to see how it's done
And my friend helped me with the format
And in my spec script
I used a story based on
Many years ago
When you're old you keep saying
My new book I wrote
Everything is back before the internet
Back before cell phones
And before
Before there was the internet
Remember when there was
Now there's no such thing as a blind date
Unless your name is like Phyllis Smith
Because oh there's what she looks like
What she makes
You know you get pictures, Facebook
So someone wanted to set me up with a woman
But she was away from where
Summer and I was so excited
I wanted to have the visualization to be excited
I thought of a funny bit where
What if I hire a police
Composite artist
To sketch what she looks like to go
Alright yeah looking forward to that
So
That was part of the spec script
And then I once
This day I ended up using
At Seinfeld I met a woman in London
And it was unbridled sex
This was 1990
And I remember
No 1990
I remember
I confessed to her
I haven't had sex in six months
I remember when that was so long
Wow I wish it was that recent
You know why we had so much sex in 1990
We had no idea how to dress
Right
It was 1989 New Year's Eve
We were like what are we going to do about all this velcro
Yeah
We can't just start dressing like hippies
We will by 93
So I put in a storyline
Where I flew her to LA
And it was almost like she
Gave her a ticket to a woman
That looked like her because you flew me here just for sex
And if I said what
Instead of pardon she'd scrunch
So I liked the spec script
Let me show it to Jerry
So he liked
This stuff and I was brought on
And just as a quirky guy
And then I'm brought on
To be on screen
No no no as a staff writer
So that's the
So rewinding
From that before that
Spec triumph
What were you doing? You were at the office
You were being abused by coworkers
But you weren't getting paid
Wait a minute I'm confused
You may have been a slave
And it's illegal
You're not getting paid
I thought you were
When you said you're five jobs behind
What I meant is that
They're strategizing writers now
Speculating
You don't go
I just got a writing job on community
You go
Then I'll be able to
Pitch FX shows
You meant being on
Staff on a sitcom
That's hardly the end of any rainbow
But they don't think
It was called program consultant
I'm making 2200 a week
No they think Seinfeld
They'd be on lunch getting their next deals
They're five jobs ahead
And the unspoken implication there
Or maybe I'll put words in your mouth
Or maybe why don't I just say my own
Is the reason that's really true
Is because you could get that far
You could have a staff writer job on a sitcom
But then both because of what happened to the industry
And technology
You're competing with
Aggressors
You're competing with professional
I don't want to undercut
Everyone that can hurt me in the business
And everyone that
I wouldn't want to hurt because I like them
Because they became my friends some of them
But there's a DNA there
I always look at it like dog breeds
Where it's like
Because there's dogs that are good
He's a great joke writer
But he's so
I think a joke writer is that
He drives that person and that person's so nuts
He has to fax his jokes in from home
And that person's
Not that good a joke writer
But they're so
Like vibrant in the room
That their jokes seem funnier
Like 20%
And then these other people who are different breeds
Like they end up pushing that
Joke and because there's the
There's the breed of
It's a chemistry assignment
And I would never want to say it
Because there's no such thing as a breed of dog
That's a good dog or a bad dog
Unless pugs are evil
Kidding
I know that pug owners
Are driven by their protectiveness
That's why I made that joke
You can't talk shit about pugs
That's the point of that breed
It wouldn't exist
But for the
Surplus of protectiveness
In the human breeders that bred it
It can't breathe unless you Q-tip
It's face every three weeks
It is a dog that is falling
Apart, it is a pile of dog
It looks like you spilled a dog
Their eyes pop out
They do
And what could they ever do
A doxened, I'll tell you what
They used to use them to clean cannons
I know every breed
They all had a use
Anyways
They were all quivers
They would clean them with doxens
But pugs
Pugs are just there so that we can feel
Angry
About people making fun of our dogs
The dogs cute for the first two years of its life
And they do not age well
Old pugs
Are ugly as fuck
And old pug owners know it
Pugs were part of an
Ill-advised program
To breed rescue dogs
For murder
That's how we get a big laugh
I was like, this is impressive
I can't do stand-up
I would have wrote that down on a yellow pad
This will kill
Pugs are part of an ill-advised program
To breed rescue dogs
Laugh, but no
Because you're breeding them all
Fucked up as like
So you don't have to go to the humane center
To find, you know, because it's like
Oh, the dog has three legs and one eye
But no, it's a pug
It could be a thoroughbred pug
It needs your help
You made a face like
No, stop
It also elicits that feeling
Because if you look at a pug, you go
That's me
I'm not an underdog
That's me in grade school
It's the little girl dressed as a bee
In the blind melon video
That's what a pug is
Because sometimes
Doxons, you want to be tempted, but you're not
No, that's the kid that was into sports casting
And so all the basketball players thought he was cool
Can I kill the momentum
Of this bit that's killing?
No, right?
No, I just did
A writer's question, which I don't
I don't know if they care about this stuff
Do you think it's easier to fake
Being a writer on a sitcom than
Like a show like Breaking Bad or Justified
Like a guy could just be aggressive
And loud and throw out jokes
He could fake a million-dollar career
In sitcoms, but can someone
Fake that in the world of those drama?
I want to make sure I understand the question
Because I do want to answer it
But I don't understand the question
Well, it sounds like you were saying
Or maybe I'm saying that
You could fake your way to a nice career
In a sitcom at a table
Fake it just by making jokes
And not really being as good a writer
But there's more of a skill set
Is what I'm thinking, those one-hours
You can't fake it, you can't be loud
Then Brian Cranston dies
Hey, hey, they'll have
A stripper by him, ooh, yeah
I don't want to piss off my friends
That work on drama shows
But they're a less
Fraternal bunch, so they probably
Aren't as easily pissed off
And the few I've talked to about this
Will confess that
Because when a comedy writer sits
In a drama writer, only a matter
Of a couple drinks before the comedy writer says
Admit it, it's easier, and they go, yes
Yes, of course it's easier, there's no jokes
I knew it, I knew it
But you cannot tell anyone I ever said that
See, I'm in awe of that
Like, justified, because I think
Rayland, like, whatever
But I just want to make sure
Because I didn't mean to imply
I didn't want to be too cynical
And say, just because there's all these
Feeds of writer
First of all, the idea that writers
Could work as a pack, which is again
How my metaphor is awesome
Is an achievement of the species
Because writers aren't supposed to be
Subject to the Henry Ford principle
That should have been the death of
Entertainment, we should have been in
The era that we're in now
In terms of, like, our definitions
Of comedy and stuff, way back when
The first studios were like, yeah, but
Can't you make it faster? I don't know
And writers
Were stuck in a room together
And just imagine that cave painting
Of writers being forced to do that
And they're the worst
They're egotistical, they're defensive
They're thin skin, they're thick skin
To the wrong ways, they're, you know
They're the monsters
And then
They go, fuck it then, we'll have rules
For that, and we'll
To me, that's analogous with the human species
So it's almost like a Seinfeld writer's room
Or it's more natural
It sounds like
It was weird
You heard that, but
I think that's probably a successful show too
When the stakes get high
And then it's like you're coming in
The army knows what it's doing too
So if you come in as a new writer
It's not like, hey, my name's Samantha, here's your bunk
It's like, fuck you
Die or figure it out
That's what a good pack does
But I wanted to bring it
Around to the fact that, because there's so much
My connection
To you is the self-abuse
I mean, you can't stop
You just
You have a potato in one hand
And a potato peeler in the other
And before you ever come around to peeling the potato
You'll be like, fuck it
You will be fully peeled yourself
When people tell Fred you've been on every sitcom
In the 90s, not news radio
Not Frasier
I gotta correct that
That's the thing
I don't even know if it's possible for you
To become a douchebag because of that
Because you're going to be one of those over
You said in the beginning
You didn't overcompensate
We know that breed
That's a dangerous breed
That's 85% of people who
The world
Comedically like guys who were nerds
And then they go, well, but I was funny
And then they got that stick that says they were funny
And then they start using it
Like if they didn't have that stick
So it's a weird thing
But it's like, well, if you're fucking a victim
And someone gives you the power
Because if they like watching you be a victim
It's hard
And your voice, you've always had
That voice, you've always been
That guy for real
And people have always been drawn to it
And some people are even drawn to abuse you
Because, yes, Norm MacDonald, when I opened for him
And let's not go there
And I'm just kidding, no, they're booing me
They're doing something they don't know
You know, that didn't happen, Fred
No
Like a guy like Dom Herrera
Even they want to fucking abuse you right now
No one's going to bully him because I think
Yeah, I see there's a morning
There's a guy, I'll tell you later
But I don't want to turn on this crowd
Why don't you do that, Fred? It is sweating
No, see, I grew up
There was no such thing as nerds
They were nebishes, sad sacks
Or, like, cool
And it's like, you know, now
There's a lot of comedians now
There's Shlubby
And, you know, this guy
Good guy, Matt Myra
You know who he is? He's a great guy
But if he was in the 80s, hey, I'm a Shlub
But it's like, hey, yeah, you're not a loser
Hey, you know, so it's this pop culture
You know, I'm like being a nerd
Is referencing Matt Myra
But, you know
So I'm like, yeah
Like, when I did stand up
There was no thought that I want to do it to be cool
Furthest thing
It's embarrassing being cool
So now it's sort of like
The old nerds that were picked on
Someone said, the nerds now are like the bullies
You know
I remember back in the 90s, when this was starting
A Bobcat Goldthwait
I'm stealing his line, all these, like, Largo people
He goes, they're all so cool
Like, cancel each other out
And, uh, so
Yes, so nerd became
Cool, and I resent that
Well, yeah
And you should, and then there's
Like, Andy Kindler, who is awesome
At moving with that resentment
And maybe that's not your essence
Like, maybe, maybe, maybe
But Kindler, I have a problem with
Shots fired
I have a problem with him
I already went on Marc Maron
Did five minutes of why he bothers me
Now, he's a great guy, he's hysterical
He would do these alternative
Rooms, and it's like
Aye, aye, aye, I'm nervous
It's like an old Jewish guy
Why is this alternative, you know
It's like, there's a guy Bruce Smirnoff
Who's like a Jewish guy
Aye, it's very guns and knives
Aye, yes
So Kindler, why Mrs. Herald
Has this alternative
Guy
This rebel
Who is the biggest schmoozer
Oh, no, he's a great guy
No, I already teased him about this
But you know what I'm saying
You know what it is, my mother once said
I don't like pushy, nervy people
Because I resent them, I wish I could
Be pushy and nervy
So I resent Kindler because he could schmooze
He's good at it
I wish I had their
Abilities sometimes, I mean
How many times have you been cut off in traffic
And there's some small part of you
That's like, god damn it
That person's winning it life
I've never cut anyone off in traffic
Which means that I have spent
So much more of my life
In fucking anxiety and thinking about other people
Than I needed to
Because that person clearly never thinks about
Fucking anything
And had that time for Pokemon or something
Yes, yes
And I don't, it's never like
I'm
I just want to
I want to make sure
You understand
And I think you do
I do, I don't
Don't feel bad for me, I'm happy
Because I could never survive in a writer's room
But let's forget about
That's a feel right
Forget about pity and bad
And feeling bad and all that stuff
I want you to know
Like how prudent it is
How strategically
Justified
It is for you to stay who you are
Because it ends up paying
Big money
It ends up paying more
Whether you have to
Well, it's just about what you can live with
And no, I consider
When I was younger
It was more like comparing myself
Why aren't I this
But it's really so liberating when you get older
When you're out of the games of women
Trying to meet women
And trying to get pilot season
When it's sort of over, now I can do what I'd like to do
I'm too old a guy to be pitching
On my own show
And it's so liberating
As I told you when I saw you upstairs
I was dreading seeing you
Because I haven't seen you in three years
And everyone that I haven't seen in three years
Is going to make me feel like I'm 90 years older
Because we're all melting at a parabolic rate
So I was like
I was telling my girlfriend about you
And like, oh, I'm going to see Fred
And she knew who you were by reputation
And stuff like that
What the fuck does that mean?
I have a reputation
With a girl you talk to
What the fuck are you holding out on before?
But no, I was talking
To her about you and I
I was like, you know, he's Fred Stoller
And I was doing my impression of you
Because you're fun to do an impression of
I'm sure that makes you very happy
Especially when Tom Kenny gets extra money
Of voiceovers
And then I stopped a little
And I got really scared because I was like
Oh, Fred's
Fred, you could
Draw on a cave wall
Even if you hadn't gone to art school
Inside and out
Fred is so specific
And so archetypal
And now I'm going to see him
And there's going to be something
Is going to spoil that for me
It looked like Christopher Lloyd
Something that was equally beautiful
But if I'd known you for 20 years
As the other thing, I'd be like
Time can suck my god balls
Whatever
No, it's still
I sound like Billy Crystal
Doing that Fernanda Lama's character
The idea that you look good
And that's supposed to make you feel good
I'm saying, why would you
Not be pitching your
No, I've tried
But I'm the weird older guy
That's the point
It's point of view now
The game is not to
350 million people go
I had an idea for a web series
They like the idea, let's do it
A web series to go
Can you get some YouTube stars
Any time I've tried
Who do you know that's more famous than you
Who are your friends
Can you bother Fred Willard again
No, no more bothering Fred Willard
I always bother him
You used to call me on the phone
And there were still landlines
And I was trying to write Monster House
And I was doing a lot of cocaine
And I think it was because
I just found out how easy it was to buy an LA
And it was so hard in Milwaukee
And I was like, I don't even like Coke
But now it's so cheap
And so I just had the CD case
There were these things called CDs
You turned them and listened to them
With a laser needle
And it was covered with
Coke residue
And then I'd be trying to figure out
Why a house would be a monster
You'd be calling me because we had just made friends
And you were like
The idea that I was the
Paragon of confidence for you
Was, says a lot
Because you're calling me for advice
I'm like, what is this matter for
You're like, listen
What do you do when you park
In a grocery store
Do you look for the park
Because I've been driving
I went to the store
I just drove away
I couldn't handle the pressure anymore
You couldn't handle the pressure
Of parking at a grocery store
And you called me
No, you
Intimidated me because the last few times
I bumped into you were really like
Angry Dan
Intimidating
Larry David
No, you were nice to me
But there were these stupid nature
Half moon walks
The full moon
I just had a fucking get laid
And like
I was in a bad place
I was like, yeah
I'm fucking this bitch
I didn't say bitch
But that helped a little bit
That helped to laugh a little bit
You were so brave
I would have said
I'm gonna have sex with this girl
That was the mode I was in
I bumped into her since
And I was so jealous
She was sweet
And you said
I'm just here to fucking get laid
I don't think you said fuck
But you said to get laid
Fuck all this, you know this nature
But no, you're great
I was in a phase at that time
But you were acting like the asshole
And you were getting laid
There was a girl that told me
And this is not negging
This isn't that red pill shit
I had come into my own
The justification in my head was
For about a year
I was a pig
But not like
I don't think I was abusive
I was a pig
One woman said to me
Which I will always remember
It actually summed up exactly what I was doing
And she was a customer
That was explaining
This is why I stopped and bought this fucking soup
That made me sick
I was like, oh that's what's on the label
I spent so much energy
Trying to catch guys
And their red flags
And you wave yours like a matador
And that's what it was
And it wasn't
I want the kids to know
I want these millennials to know
First of all, I said that was a year
And I almost killed myself
And I was miserable, I almost burnt my apartment down
It was a bad time, I'm also not saying
Don't ever do that, do it
But that is not
The same as this, because these are weird fucking times
And that shit is kissing cousins
With some ideologies that have to do
With hurting other people
In order to like
Reverse psychology
The baseline
Is total aid
If you meet somebody at a party
That just says
I'm very lonely, would you like to make out later?
Like
He's not
That guy
You have a reasonable time
Like
Because then you're playing money ball
With statistics
I resent the fact that that
Bleeds into this other
Camp that's about
Taking it back from women
Who never took it away
That's why I want to
Put a big fucking fat asterisk on that
But I was going through that phase
Where I was like
I was just going on dates a lot
For the first part of my life
Every girl I talked to that I was attracted to
I was trying to be in this zone
Where I'd be like, I'm very attracted to you
I would try not to
Snowplow them
I got a lot of
Like fucking humiliating
Eye rolls, I'm like walk away
Really, you'd say that to me
But I'd be like, I'm very attracted to you
And I'd like to make out with you
Now that you don't need those lines anymore
Can we hear one of them or
No, he intimidated me
At the Super Bowl parties
Super
Joe Hodgson things
That's some people for 15 years of their life
Some people die
At 65 years old staying that way
You hear the humanity in him talking about
Trump and all this stuff
That's why I was in his intimidated
I feel I need to do a
Star Trek joke to get you back
Because I can't believe you
You told these people everything about
Dan, now I see why Larry
David fuck with you
People think I'm an easy
Mark, but
I got sued by this guy
And I didn't get bullied
I didn't get bullied with the guy with their straining order
I pushed him away
What happened with the end of that
And he
To give him credit
He didn't know it was illegal
What he was doing
To threaten you and intimidate you
To bang on my door, leave notes
And say let's go on Dr. Drew
So when you say
Restraining order
Did you file it or did he file it?
This is the funny thing
I
I filed the restraining order
Some friends
Served him
And then a few days later
He serves me with one
Saying
I can't go near him because I'm threatening him
Wait, so I could get arrested
If I'm in my own hallway where he lurks
If he gets this restraining order
You're describing Cape Fear
Yes, yes
It's like competing radiuses
Did anyone ever file for restraining order
That room you go to downtown
I feel like there's probably two people
At least in the room that have
It was weird because there's all different types
It's probably not a fun situation
Minorities, all different people, rich, poor
And then
We had one hand up
Would you be willing to talk about
Your restraining order?
Okay, would you like to come up please?
Ha ha ha
See, that's
Happy Memorial Day
And you had to go to a place
Downtown where you wait with all the people
Oh, what happened?
Check
If you're listening to the
Live free Wednesday podcast
And my mic was bad for the first
Half of the show
We've replaced it
Have you seen Breaking Bad?
I've seen Breaking Bad
So my dad was like a Jewish Walter White
Sorry, what's your name, sir?
Ori?
Keep the mic like kissy distance
Wait, your father was a Jewish anything?
Yeah
No, no, no, you got to turn your head
At the same time
You had one job, one job I gave you
One job
You think I'm sitting like this because I'm comfortable?
Ha ha ha ha
Um, so yeah
My mother
A Jewish Walter White
In what way?
Well, he sold crystal meth and women
Welcome to the newest guest
Of Harmontown
He'll be controlling from now on
Was he a chemistry teacher?
No, he was a car stereo and alarm salesman
So he went from pimping cars
To pimping women
You don't hear Jews as pimps
No, I'm a handler, I'm making fun of
A Jewish pimp
I'm just so distracted by the math
Of my head that he sold crystal meth and women
So he had both
Yeah
And he wasn't done?
Well, I mean, he, don't forget car stereos
Oh, okay
He saved car stereos
And could never get them
I mean, his trinity was
He would get hookers to sell crystal meth to guys
Oh, you ain't got to tell us
And then they would fuck the guys
And then do the math
And then when the job was all done, they'd smoke the math
And then the math would make them clean
So that everything would be spotless
The meth would make them clean?
Well, you know, because meth makes you all like
Clean like a maid
Oh, clean the house
You're about to buy a shit ton of meth
You'll be like
Meth can make me clean
I would like to try some meth
I'm so dirty
Just got to get that colonic
Oh, my God, yeah
By the way, Levy is obsessed with colonics
I am not obsessed
He keeps asking me
To get one because he wants to
I was driving the car the other day
And I go, Levy
I order you to
Check out getting a colonic for me
And he was like
Really? Okay
I know what's happening
I'm more curious if I actually got one
If you
No, no, I think
For me, I would only do it
If that meant you absolutely had to do it
It would
We support you
I don't want to do it
What do you mean you don't want to do it
You keep bringing it up
Can we get back to hookers
And meth and car stereos
I'm trying to learn something in this motherfucker
Now he runs a rehab center
Off of Melrose
Now he runs
I don't care about him cleaning himself the fuck up
I want to know
What was your restraining order for
Because he was doing a lot of meth
And that's not good for a grown child
So how old were you at the time?
I was like 16
So did you have to go to the police department
No, I wasn't minor, my mom had to go
Because the DEA came into our house
And they were like, hey, your dad's doing some shit
Why do you need a restraining order
If the DEA has already taken him away
Oh, no, they were looking for him
Oh, and he may come back
Is that a friend of yours
Or one of your dad's bodyguards
I have no idea
We just got killed by a Sicario
And what ended up happening to him
In your relationship with him
That's why I'm back in LA
I came back to work on a relationship with him
You should have him on the show
I would
If there was a story we thought we could track
That would be worth clicks
What has changed
Has there been an arc in terms of you or him
I mean, basically
From when I was a kid, like 16
It all started happening
Slowly but surely I found out what he was doing
He was in jail, he had a kingpin
Yeah
Jewish kingpin
That was made for me in jail
Oh
Wow
Yeah
Did you just say anything for you in jail
Wow
So, but you're saying
What's changed is the experiences
Humanized you, at 16
It was so volcanic
Yeah, it was traumatizing at that age
You got out of there because you're a survivor
Can you ask how old you are?
I'm 25 now, yeah
Okay, so I can ask how old you are
You're a young prick
And he's got weed in his pocket
But as a functioning adult
This is very admirable
25, I'd still be paying my rent
Off my anger at my dad
I mean, he's being adult child
Support basically right now
You're looking back and you're going like
But who's the guy, is he in jail now?
No, now he's running a rehab center
There's so many Jewish and adult people
Like get off the streets
There's so many Jewish kingpins
I like the placement of the and there though
Other Jewish and adult people
Off the street
So if you're Jewish
You could be a third trimester fetus
And addicted to crack
Right
So that sounds like
I didn't want to force that narrative where it's like
So he's clean now, so it's time to repair
But it sounds like he is clean
Because he's running a rehab center
So it's time to revisit it
Yeah, well no, let's have him on
Tell him your podcast
Wants to talk about fathers and sons
And all that shit
If he wants to come on, for sure
Who, what about
My stained glass company?
Well, it's not very interesting
No, I think that's
Who am I arguing with
In my head
Why do I always sound like I'm defending myself
Who's attacking me
My girlfriend woke up this morning and she went
Oh, baby, and I went
What, what now?
And she went, I have a headache
And I went, oh my god, I'm so sorry
I was so fucking ready
For women to attack me in the morning
Like what am I, a fucking like
Weird cyborg?
I have so much neurological work to do
Do you believe in neuroplasticity, Fred?
I never heard of it
But now I do believe in it
This is when your brain can change throughout time
No, I late in life I got into weed
Because I do believe that
And I tried mushrooms and it didn't work
But I believe things could be better
It didn't work like nothing happened?
Well, yes and no
Do you want to hear this story?
Yeah
Is Larry David in it?
No wrong answers
Alright, I'll try to make a long story short
I got into edibles
And I like them because I have realizations
Revelations where something hits you
And it's like in a visual
Wow, and I had a breakthrough
And now I won't go back
You know what I mean?
And I love that someone goes
You really get that on mushrooms
Alright, I want to
So you always crave that
See, this is an important thing
I'm opening the cut
I feel an energy from you
When I interrupt you and do my prattling
That you're like Jesus Christ is talking
And I'm on a fucking track
I want to get back to that thing
So that I can get back to the thing I was talking about
I love him
I'm trying to show I know stuff
Hey
Over the garden wall
I was in that
The idea of
Realizations, yes
You don't have anxiety about a bad trip
Or anything like that
I've had paranoia
But
Well, it's like anything
It's like if you're in a very bad state
It's going to compound it
A thousand percent
Like the loneliness, the isolation
I got dumped on acid once
By your dad
No, no, by a girl
It was very confusing at the time
Yes
This is something that no one would ever assume about you though
I guarantee you that
Because the average person
I think I'm so neurotic about it
The average person doesn't do ayahuasca
Or mushrooms because of the Fred Stoller voice inside
So to find out
That Fred Stoller
Who has that voice
Is like, yeah, no
I just don't know how to get it
What happened?
Did you buy it at a store?
How do you park there?
How do you keep people from judging you
When you're trying to buy ayahuasca?
Again
Being the old guy in the 80s
The few times I did weed
The Fred Stoller neurotic guy
My throat hurts for three weeks
My sore throat, I'm dizzy
And I don't like alcohol
Because of the Fred Stoller neurotic guy
I wake up dry-mouthed
Three hours later, I'm doing an oppression of myself
I don't like it
So I thought weed was like
Hey, man, did you move the car?
No, I forgot
I don't want that
So, you know
Like, you know, Brian Posein
Hey, man, hey
I like comic books, yeah
I'm a stoner
So that's what I thought weed is
Just from your observation
Of other people from outside
You're like, I don't want to be like that
But you found out
But then I found out someone said it opens your mind
So it's got more sophisticated
I think in the 80s when I tried it once or twice
It was just anything
And I smoked it, like I said, sore throat, paranoia
But then, you know, you see on the news
You know, the legalization
There's actually different strains
Yes, and someone said it opens your mind
So, and then I listened to Sam Harris
Who, not the guy who
No, you know who he is
And he's saying
I read the book on tape
One of his that he's got daughters
He goes, I wouldn't like if they did
I'd be concerned if they did meth
Or crack, but I would want them
To try
It opens your mind, and I started thinking about it
So, and I then
Did some edibles
And yeah, I'd have things
Where I think I have a funny idea
That never makes sense
But I really felt
And I even would meditate
You have a breakthrough where
It's a visualization where you got something
And once you got it, I can't go back
To what that was
So someone said mushrooms is better
And it wasn't
It wasn't, it didn't work on you
Come on, something happened and it took mushrooms
Okay, tell us a story, sorry
Yeah, Ory
Just checking if I remember the name
Someone, a very sweet
Buckle up
The lights are warmer up here
A very sweet woman
Who I don't want to put down
She reached out
She has a boyfriend, but you know
She's seen me on things, hey
You're an interesting character, and I like you
Not like me that way, but she said
And I, you know, she saw me on
Some podcast talking about weed
And no, she does weed
So she met me and she got me a $40 top
Joint thing
She saw you on the podcast
Doug loves movies, other things
I didn't do Doug loves movies
A lot of podcasts have live video feeds
Now for $5 a month, you can subscribe
Is there one that you might know of, offhand?
Yeah, no, the one where you smoke weed
Yes
With Doug Benson
And again, that's another guy
You don't think of him as breakthroughs
You know, so
But she goes
Talking about that, I go
I'd like to do mushrooms, but how do you do it
She goes, I'll get you some
And we'll do it
Can I interrupt here?
Yes
She's local, she's in your life physically
Or are you connected with her online?
She sort me out
Through Twitter or whatever the hell
But it wasn't like a catfish
Because we had mutual friends, so it wasn't so psychotic
I just want to know
Is she a person
Like, because
I'm trying to figure out
Who she is?
No, I'm trying to figure out
How much of this was like
Your anxiety was mitigated
By this person
That was drawing you in
She trusted her
I trusted her
And this is how you met her
But then you were going to meet her
Yes, we met and she had the joint
And
And we talked
And I said I never did that, I'm curious
And I had a birthday
A few months ago where I'm tired of every
Birthday you sit around with eight friends
You know, yeah, yeah, my friends
And the check comes, you know, I want to do something
Adventuresome
So I said, I want to do mushrooms
And
So then
There's a
That's your description of a birthday?
I mean, by no means do I
Claim that birthdays are fun
But
Your description of a birthday
Oh, it gets more ridiculous
Would make Vinogat kill himself
Yes
Sit around a table
Seven to eight friends
I'm older, the check comes
And everyone's dipping it off
It sounds like the way a rock
Would describe
DNA
You shape yourself different, then you reproduce
It's always the same restaurant
And it's the same eight people
They're all very nice
I'm always alone
Yeah, and no significant other
So basically
So I said I want to do something
Crazy, you know
So there's another
Female comedian
Who once in a while, she heard about the edibles
She goes, let's do edibles
She texts me and I go, well
I want to try mushrooms, yeah, let's do that
So I wanted to bring her there
So it's three of us
I don't want to be uncomfortable
And be sexual
I thought it's like ecstasy
You're kissing
Which ecstasy isn't, just so you know
I just did it with
I haven't done it with you
Ecstasy is like
Synthetic mushrooms
It's like mushrooms with a salary cap
Is this being homophobic
If I say
I was afraid to do mushrooms with a friend
Because I thought, oh, you start making out with a guy
You make out with whoever you're with
No, not that guy
Okay, well, so
That's poppers
So they're what
It's like, but you weren't afraid
Here, let me show you
I'm a hypocrite, right?
Where would you get that from?
I can't even finish
Because of my self-loathing
I can't finish my question, but for your answer
I'm saying
Here, let me lay out
I was hoping the woman that has a girlfriend
May be something with her
When I was in my 20s
I think if anybody said
This is mushrooms
That's why I did mushrooms
That's why I did acid
Because I was in my 20s
And when you're in your 20s
You're just driving into trees
Because you're like, why can't I die?
People just
Hand you pizza and go
Going out for three days
And you're like, why not four?
Because you can't wait
To feel pain
And you will someday
I got food poisoning
At one point in my 30s
Everything
I had bad trips in my 30s
But when I was in my 20s
That's when I feel like my roster of drugs
That I was willing to do
Was completed
Because it's like the map of the world
And stuff
I'll never try heroin
Because I made it to 30 without doing heroin
Thank God
I'll never do it
This is what
But the fear
The Fred Stoller voice inside of me
That would not want to do mushrooms
Wouldn't want to not do mushrooms
Because I'd be afraid of anything that would happen
Because of a successful mushroom
It would be afraid of an unsuccessful mushroom
People reassured me
Okay, so this is what happened
The woman said, I'll be a mushroom coach
I'm here for you
I was a trip advisor, that's fun
She goes, if you're freaking out, I'll take you aside
So you've been told this drug represents
Such a threshold
That the worst case scenario
Was women taking care of you
I'm starting to come around
This is what I was seeking was like
I'm not judging you
You're still bolder than me
Because you're outside of your
The fact that the story starts with you saying
I want to try mushrooms
I just wouldn't have done it
I would have looked for
Well, again, I like the realizations
I'm very into meditating
And Duncan Trussell
Got me into Ram Dass and all this stuff
Ram Dass ain't no joke
Yeah
You know who he is?
I know who he is, he ain't no joke
Bro
He's not saying to be fucked with
You know about my book
You can go back two episodes and he cedes
Ram Dass ain't no joke as a runner
For no seeming reason
You're a time traveler, aren't you?
You set yourself up for a callback
You're Marty McFly
The reason I do
Ram Dass ain't no joke made no sense back then
And now it's a callback
Everyone go back
Everyone stop listening to this episode
Go back two episodes
He said Ram Dass ain't no joke in this weird voice
I bought it though
I'm getting drunk, sorry
The reason I'm doing it later in life
Is I don't have any guilt
I fucked around my 20s, 30s, 40s, my 50s
It's like I tried my hardest
To meet women and write
And do the career
And you made it to now visit
You look fantastic
That's layering in why I was mentioning that
You have the American dream
You may as well put your dick under a bulldozer
When Edible works right
When I'm lying in my bed
It's time to find out you're into anything
Yes
Was it a tea?
So this is what I thought
They said you can't do mushrooms
In your apartment
You gotta be on the beach and beautiful
In Malibu
So she said you gotta get a room
So I rented a room
And that way we could go out
Come back in, yeah sleep
The morning, wake up
I spend my money
And I'm not that rich on a place in Malibu
For the night
And she goes okay I'm your mushroom coach
If it gets too much and this and that
So me, her and
The third very nice woman
We go to a
Check into the hotel
It's like that candy wrap
You wrap it in
You know what I'm saying
I don't know, the taffy
You're just describing cellophane
They made like a mushroom taffy
Yes, so
Right away I'm throwing some things off
Cause I'm eating it no problem
Shit the mushroom coach is saying
So then we go
Across the street to Malibu
And right away it hits her
And she's lying in the sand
And I'm picking her up
And this is the coach
And
And this guy
The only thing that hit me
The guy who owned the house was Martin Sheen
Cause I know it's in Malibu
And he's looking and there's a girl lying in the sand
And they're just gonna throw up
And he's on the phone and go you gotta get out of here
So I'm not really feeling anything
Wait I'm sorry, is it the track
Martin Sheen is it just something that leaps into your head
Because you know
Maybe I was a little paranoid
That's the only paranoia
The only one I knew was Martin Sheen
And he's there and he's on the phone
You're imagining in your head Martin Sheen
I doubt it
I think that might be Fred Stoller
Picking up a phone
And it's burning in the sand
And I'm trying to lift her up
So the other woman ran off to get water
She said she's gonna throw up
So like
So then the only
I think I did it for fun
I pretended we were like Dee Dee on the beach
And she was a wounded soldier
And I have to get her back to the hotel
So she's the coach and I'm escorting her
And we're just taking her
And then
All of a sudden I start narrating it
People are walking by
Look at these people
They have houses and lives
And they're dogs and they're kids
And I'm the 59 year old guy
With two women trying mushrooms on my birthday
And
And I'm saying that out loud
And people are walking
So
So then you notice a tunnel that goes from the beach
You know in Malibu to this
So she couldn't take it anymore
She's gonna throw up and she's worthy
Is that the word on the floor
And then this guy comes by
With his family and goes
What's wrong? And I go
Oh she got nauseous looking at the water
And he goes
She got seasick on her beach
And that has nothing to do with the story
But I have to say it, he goes
Don't go on a cruise then
Don't go on a cruise
You can do the voice
Yes
I miss that you were waving
By the way, he's like
Because that's the punchline of the story
Don't go on no cruises
That's not your black guy boys
Can I do it? I'll do it
Don't go on a cruise then
Motherfucker
Awful
I don't know
I assume that he grew up in Pittsburgh
I was trying to
Make a shady spot
So that he could have a picnic
I thought I'd take the hit
I thought I'd create a racist canopy
So that he could be like
Here's what he really sounded like
I'd be like that's great
Like the waves in Malibu are so crazy
You look at them, you can't walk
You have to have two people escort you
So then she
Oh I forgot this part, the mushroom coach gave good advice
If you need to have a bowel movement
Do it before it kicks in
So that was an erotic Jew in me
Andy Kiddler
Oh I gotta make
Did I not go?
Is that just because taking a shit on mushrooms
Will make you feel like you're the universe's
Asshole?
I'm trying to figure out why that is
I love that that's a document
That's like
That's as clean as like
Throw the grenade, not the pin
Take a shit
Before the mushrooms kick in
I guess I understand that
Your turd will be infinite
I'm having to go and you're tripping
It won't work, I don't know
So then she goes I gotta shit
I gotta throw up, so here she gave the advice
So she goes get me back to the room
So
So get out
I need the room
So we leave her there
And she's probably doing what she's gotta do
And then my
The phone battery died
I go to charge it, get out of here
Stone opened the fucking light
So we had to stand by
The door
I'm with you
The entire way
There's people attacking you now
I would try to come in the hotel room
I paid for to charge my battery
And she goes get the fuck out of here
Who said that?
The mushroom coach
Now known as the deuce dropper
She was freaking out
She was okay
We were both like
We were standing outside the door
And we're not allowed in
So we couldn't, I guess it didn't work
Cause we were like we gotta save the coach
And
So I didn't have any great
The only realization I had
Was the comedian I was with
I go you look like Bonnie McFarlane
I would never
Realize that
That was the only thing
That I realized
But you did live through
Although no one would pay
Money for this
The experience of oh what would I do
If I was in charge of a person
That I thought was supposed to be in charge of me
That's a fucking valuable experience
No I felt very proud in machismo
It's not birthday valuable
I would have you have a better birthday
No
She's a sweet woman
And she was very ashamed
And
So the woman
The other woman who was okay
She has a girlfriend
That said get down to wherever she lives
Where does Ray Donovan take place
Near Malibu I forgot
In a world where
Secrecy is your last option
So her girlfriend kept saying
Get over here, get over here
And she didn't want to let her know she was stoned
So I'm at a birthday party
And she didn't believe her
So we had to go to a restaurant
And take pictures pretending
The beginnings of your stories
Have packets of information in them
That I missed because I'm an afterglow
From your last story
I think that's what it is
Because you change locations and casts
I was trying to say it was so crazy
That the other woman
We were outside the door
Afraid to go in
And lay there
She didn't want to be with anybody
While she was freaking out
I always make it everyone else's problem
If I'm having a single issue
With anything
Society is the first place I go
Wipe my ass on
Everything
That's why the election made me so upset
I'm like I'm alone
I can't wipe my ass on anybody
They're all wiping their ass on each other
I was like this is fucked up
I didn't mean to bring it back to that
No, so
That was the mushrooms in my birthday
So you never tried mushrooms again?
No, I'd like to
My bad mushroom chips are like
When you have bad mushrooms
I got a pain in my neck
I looked in a mirror
And I thought I was a walrus
And they're kind of like bad mushrooms
So it's basically like acid
But there's still a
Cylosil
I'll get it eventually
We'll edit it back in
When we do the bad mic pass
But yeah
Cylocybin
Is that in acid
Or is that just in mushrooms?
No, acid's
Lysergic acid
So mushrooms
They've researched
I guess I want to urge you
Because you're fucking bold and bad ass
On your 29th birthday let's do mushrooms
Please do them again
I think you'll enjoy them very much
What about acid?
People are micro dosing now
Micro dosing
So good that his father's rehab center is doing
Do acid
Don't do meth, do acid
He's really
Become his father in his bad years
Do acid
I mean my dad's a Jew
Hoffman was a Jew, we're all Jews
No, I'm not looking to do anything ridiculous
But I like expanding the mind
Have you done ecstasy?
No
That's really easy
That kind of can't go wrong
I was scared that I would do harm to my cat
But over my cat
You just pat him bone dry
The cat's like Jesus Christ
You have my number
You have the job
You give me food
I don't know what you ate tonight
But I was already
At an equilibrium spot
We had a business going here
I missed my cat so much
I missed that kind of affection
I lost two
One was 18, one was 19
And I wasn't going to get another
But someone got one from a shelter
And the other cat wasn't getting along
I'm glad it happened
I love my dogs
I can't believe I got dogs
And they're like what are you doing
And I'm like it's called nothing
You're supposed to enjoy it
They're like just throw the thing
I'm like if I throw it
You'll just bring it back
And they're like yeah
No they're not like yeah
Because if they were like yeah then they'd be sentient
But they're like no throw it, throw it
Damn
From the future
Because my brain's bigger than a peanut
Oh
You're just gonna keep bringing it back
And I'm telling you
That you're never gonna understand this as a species
It never gets any better
Than sitting under a tree
Grooming another monkey
And waiting to die
And if a spotted leopard comes around
You go
And you all go to safety
Until the spotted leopard's gone
And that is where humans
Started fucking up
Because we had nailed it
And then one was like what if a spaceship
And they were like you're great Carl
But Carl's not bad either
Because those chimps are gonna die anyway
I'm sorry I hurt this a lot
I saw the documentary of Coco
The sign language in Guerrero
With my friend who was so cynical going
There's all these theories
Coco didn't really know sign language
She's just copying
And really bothered me
Your friend bothered you or Coco?
My friend bothered me that
His cosmology was so specific
That it was important to him
That Coco not knows sign language
Yeah, Coco's full of shit
I find myself wondering that all the time
When you're with somebody and you're like
Wait, what's with the pushback at this point?
Yes
Let's examine this
They had a 30 year scam
That Coco was just copying
Not really signing
It's not even like I'm open to finding out
That Coco's full of shit
I'm totally open to it
I find it weird when you meet the guy
That's like Coco's full of shit
And I know it
It's not a tested hypothesis
It's just a strong belief
You're like the guy in Awakening
But if you wanted monkeys
To not talk to you
It's weird to have
That strong an opinion
Given that there's no stakes to being proven right
Only thing that happens if you're proven right
Is they got a documentary
About Coco
Do you know Pat Sajak
Was like a global warming guy
That bummed me out so much
Politics and the internet ruined everything
Turns out Pat Sajak is a global warming
Denier
And his tweets at a certain point
Were like
Follow the money
Global warming
Yes, yes, there's someone right now
Someone is making a billion dollars
By you believing
The world is getting hotter
Yeah, that's
It's like a cartoon
Or a game show where people spell
Common phrases
So disappointed
You want Pat Sajak to walk off screen
Off a wheel of fortune
You want him to slide down a pole
Into like a den with a banner rug
With a martini
And solve crimes or something
That are based on rudimentary English
Or just enjoy his life
I care if he jerks off at a bowl and drinks it
Like I want him to be happy
I want someone
To affirm the myth of retirement
To me
Why is it the higher you look
The less happy everybody is
You know, Rupert Firebamoon
Died today
He had 95 divorces
He
His face was a scowl
He owned 900,000 newspapers
He could tell
Three countries what to think
But it was
No one ever saw him smile
He died
Like where does it go
David Hasselhoff was night rider
He can't stop drinking long enough to go
I thought he had the rights for the Baywatch
I thought he made a lot of money from that
I don't care about him
Because I'm looking for one person
To show me the path
Because otherwise, then it's me
I'm going like, okay, so I
Have to sit in my bed and I have to
Just jerk off on my girlfriend
Like
And watch Star Trek
You don't have to
No, I'm saying if I want to win the game of life
The way I have to do it
Is not owning nine airplanes
It is exactly what I have right now
And then you go, okay, so
Oh, so now I
Wait to die
That's not fun, I don't want to
No, no, no, no
Expand your horizons
Because Fred Stoner is like, let me do
Mushrooms, I want to, yeah, okay
Let me ask you again
I want to check
I think we just entered a first perfect show
I was just looking for the first time
And you were here
You were here
I'm not depressed these days
Because I like being creative
I'm not being an asshole plugging my stupid kindles
Saying nulls and books
It's called 5 Minutes to Kill
It's about the 1989 Young
Comedians special
You guys, I don't know if you remember
You said these big Young Comedians specials
A lot of people were launched
And I wrote about the one I was on
Because I found it interesting
The trajectory and the diversity
Of the careers and lives
Two of them made it big
Rob Schneider and David Spade
They were discovered from the Young Comedians special
Two of them had tragedies
Warren Thomas and Drake Sather
Warren Thomas was the best
Yeah, yeah
She's beautiful, she's struggling
So I kind of interviewed
Widows and people
And it's like those
30 by 30s
This is a college team
They were all supposed to be pros
Two made it, two didn't
Is this you checking in with
So it starts in 1989
With
6 young hopeful people
And I wasn't so young even in 1989
As a comedian
I did break the Young Comedians special
And then what happens right away
Schneider and
You can call him Schneider here
Schneider and Spader
Of course Schneider gets his break
They get their breaks
And Warren Thomas had an opportunity
To be on Saturday Night Live as the black guy
I'm looking at you
And it's so sticky
Was Warren Thomas the
Did he have a Mike Tyson impression
I'm going to put my dick in the butter
Yeah, so he was this guy that
There's a thing
On Sunday Night Live
You're talking about the exact special that I remember
I'm like fifth or I don't know
19 in Milwaukee
I don't know
Was it the HBO comic specials
And it was
Me, Rob Schneider, David Spade
Drake Sather and Jen Karam
Jen Karam was a precursor
To all the beautiful like Whitney Cummings
And Sarah
Women who were hot
And she was really beautiful
But she didn't own her hotness
Like hey, making guys come
I'm not saying I do those jokes
Sort of like Kytlinger
Yeah, that kind of type of stuff
So she was really ahead of her time
In that way with comedy
So yeah, so I follow from after
Our quote unquote break
Warren Thomas
When there's a ritual I didn't know about
That when you meet Lauren Michaels
Initiation and he said fuck this
And he left and
Ended up going to Chris Rock, that spot
So it just takes us
To 2017
Following the triumph and the tragedy
Of the six people on it including myself
That's great
I don't have to
Pronounce that that sounds great
So I forgot
Oh yeah, so in my Seinfeld
Year, so what I'm trying to say is
I'm happiest being creative and just writing
Things in my own voice
So the theory I have is
And maybe antidepressants help
But no, I'm happiest when I'm being creative
Not trying to fit into puzzles
Is that depression serves a purpose
Because then you're not afraid to die
And we're all going to die
So I wonder if
So exciting to hear you talk
That's why you need to be pitching television shows
But when I'm depressed
I'm more in tune
Because when I'm really depressed I go
In an interesting time with Twitter and Instagram
I'm more in tune and in touch
And in reality, so maybe
Depression is the real thing
Was supposed to be, I wonder
Because now I don't want to die
And I'd be afraid to
No, I don't want to, which is good, right?
But maybe
But I'm very depressed
I'm not afraid of it, I welcome it
So maybe depression makes more sense
Does this make sense?
Well, depression is practical
Is more practical than avoiding it
Than thinking that it's wrong
And everything's great
Let's say there's two types of something
For once in our lives
I know we hate saying there's two types of things
Let's say there's two types of depression
And let's say that the two types of depression
Are un-fucking controllable biochemical depression
Where, as we all know
If you're in a bad mood
And you get a flat tire
Your flat tire is the end of your world
If you're in a good mood and you get a flat tire
It's kind of funny you get a flat tire
If you're in a good mood and you win $500
In a scratch-off
It's fucking fantastic
If you're in a bad mood and you win $500
In a scratch-off
It's like
Evidence that capitalism has its hopes in you
And so on and so forth
Like mood matters more
Than fact
Especially when you relate it to
Fact, so like
Fuck, I forgot why I was talking about this
But is it more practical
To not be afraid of death
Like you'd be depressed
Whichever of those things are true
Whether you are biochemically
Uncontrollably depressed
Or whether it's actually
There's the other
Situational
There's been like five bad
Things that have happened
And it's kind of hard to be in a good mood today
And
I was being glib when I said there was
Two kinds because it's like
A combination of things
It doesn't matter, your bad mood
Still means the exact same thing
And committing to your bad mood
Is still
Practical
The problem is when people
Connect
Factuality to their mood
When you say, regardless
Of the cause of your bad mood
When you say that because of your bad mood
You
Say something
And we all know what the stuff
You want to do when you're in a bad mood is
Or, but this is something
That we overlook a lot
When you think that because
That you're in a bad mood because of the shit
That happened to you recently
Because of everything that your life has
Been
Those are big mistakes
You're connecting shit that may be
Co-relative, but it's not
Cause-effective
And that's why, but if you can just go
I am in a bad mood
Here's how I feel when I'm in a bad mood
I feel like
This, and you
Write it down, or
Like, just feel it
So much that you create
Any kind of snapshot with it
I'm telling you that snapshot
Is as valuable to humanity
As a photograph
From an oceanographer
Of the Marianas Trench
Because you might be experiencing
Depths that are no deeper
Than the person that never
Went deeper, but you're experiencing
Depths from an angle
That has never been seen
And we need, before we all die
When we will probably die
By our own hand, so
No matter how depressed you get
Why bother killing yourself
When you know humanity will do that
For you
Like, leave it to them
It's like the one area
Of human society that you can leave
To the customer service department
Like, you know they'll get around to it
You don't have to do it, but
I'm not saying logic is a reason to not hurt
Yourself, I'm just saying
When you're at that point when it feels
Like you have no course of action other than something
I'm telling you
Fuckin' wait it out
Because you are a sensor
That has been shot from God
Like, to look at that spot
It's the spot that only you can see
It may seem unremarkable
No life grows there
It's jagged and unfriendly
And all it says to you
Is, fuck you
You shouldn't be here
Well, that's the whole point of a probe
Like, you shouldn't be there
You won't be there at some point
Like, you will get out of there
And you will be stronger
And the people around you will be stronger
Because you got down there
And you live down there, Fred Stoller
You were a
You were a Marianas trench cruiser
Wow, thank God
Church
To make it to, like I was out here
Like, every day you're just like cruising
Through the fucking
Depths, the lowest
Places that the ocean can afford
That's valuable data to everybody
It's gonna end up making Jared Kushner
Live a more fruitful life
He's gonna be on his elliptical
And he's gonna be like, I learned from Fred
That there's a new way to describe the feeling you have
When watermelon makes you feel bad
I kind of lost at the end there
That's why
Drugs, I get things
But I can't articulate it
That's why this guy's amazing
Because I can articulate nothing
I'm like a box
And if a breeze blows through it
It sounds like something's being said
So
When you hold it up to anyone
But you have to hold it up at a distance
Alright, well we should end our show
I got
Real drunk during it because I love
Listening to you
So
What's the book?
Tell us the book again so we can get off
This podcast and go get it
It's called 5 Minutes to Kill
There's a subtitle they came up with
The
HBO Young Comedian Special
Changed the Lives of
1989 Six Funniest People
That's they came up with
It's a dollar 99
But it's legit
I can't wait to read the book
By their marketing department called
Refining
The key to
Killing something
Because whatever it's called
Whether it's grapes or celery
It should be short and we should remember it
5 Minutes to Kill
Forget the other part
Please tell your publisher to
Stop doing that
Fred Stoller everybody
Brandon Johnson was your Comptroller
Ori's gonna come back with his dad
And we're gonna connect about
This very common story
About fathers and sons
You drift apart, then you come back
I wanna be there
And collect a loose change that hits the floor
Steve Levy you did so good
In Spencer's job
By not saying anything
Yeah, alright
But you scheduled something for tomorrow
I'm supposed to just write another show
Yeah
I'll just write another show tomorrow
While everyone else is memorializing things
But then you get to celebrate Memorial Day
With AAA Celebrity
Tomorrow night
I gotta look at what he's talking about
I'm having
Andy Kenner guilt
For those comments
I already met him
Wow
He doesn't even like me
He clearly does
Could be anybody
Alright
Cancel all of it
But no, the guy
He'll think it's a famous prank
Alright
Give me a rap beat
I'm gonna rap
But then Fred
When I point at you
You have to
Just say
Just be the my Fred Stoller
Intervoice
Do we have a track?
I can make one on GarageBand
You're not ready yet, Liberace
Oh shit
Little volume please
Yeah
Heard him dead
Oh lord
Oh god above
I pray for the strength
I pray for
Chord length
Yo
I pray for your strength
I pray in church
I pray for more Chord length
I want the insulation
And the 60 cycle hum
I want your mama and your daddy to say
Drum drum drum
From the savage to the
Collaborative
Our society's got nothing to give
When it grows from
One strong chimp to a bunch of simple shit
That goes beyond limp and
Across the space to the moon
And then you don't go back
Did we have an attack
Of neuroses?
Are we not going places
That we need to be?
It's imitated by the crowd
I thought they wanted to see a sci-fi
Animation stuff
And they're going
Who's this fucking older guy
He's sort of familiar
But I think they like some of the stuff
Maybe the writing, Seinfeld, I don't know
Oh
Yo give it the strength
Give me some of that
Chord length
Yo
I went into a car
And I drove to a tar pit
I saw the dinosaur and more
I went down into it
And I said I'm now extinct like you
But here's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna eat you up
But you're covered in tar
So you taste worse than a candy bar
But when you're in my stomach
I'll take you far
To the places where carbon based life
Couldn't reach
I'm glad my relatives are older
And don't listen to this podcast
I'm nervous
That they're gonna hear about mushrooms
And spending money at Malibu
Freddie
You got the money?
Why'd you do that?
She took advantage
They're strangers
Stars
Cosmic stars
Stars just from Mars
It was down on your planet
And you know
No matter how hard your planet you can't
Make a motherfucking thing
Happen to you
That wasn't gonna happen to you
I've had a dick
And it was a flag
I don't know what I'm saying
I'm so drunk I can't lie
From my rapping and my rhyming
Won't fuck a mama tonight
Mic equals voices in my mind
Low I gotta rap
Down in low I gotta text
Thinking about it too hard
Get out of my yard
This isn't rap
I'm rapping
Confident now after doing tonight
Gonna go home without the GPS
Make my way back to
Cancers
Get some food
That's how confident I am
I'll find
Kawanga somehow
Without the GPS
I'll do it
Maybe they got some tweets
I haven't checked my thing
In like two hours
This is great
As long as I'm gone
Alright French Scholar everybody
Thank you so much for coming back
Brandon Johnson, Zac McKeever, Sarah Hill
I'm too drunk, do you remember anybody that works on the show?
I think you nailed it
There's somebody back there
Kris Boruff who does everything
Oh thank you so much
Thank you
Yeah
Just pretend you kept clapping longer
Make some noise
Good night Burbank
This has been Harmontown
Drive fast
Live fast
Drive faster
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show